---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/04-people/the-ceo/"}
---

# the ceo

Adam, or the CEO is the primary antagonist of the story.  His original name has been largely forgotten, only the most dedicated scholars of [[05 groups/the brotherhood of gnosis\|the Brotherhood of Gnosis]] who seek and record the lost histories of man have uncovered it and his True story.  He was born David Fischer Jr.  and was the son of an oil and gas mogul David Fischer head of the Fischer Energy.  Much to the chagrin of his father Jr. grew to be an environmentalist and studied biology and marine biology.  He worked for the NOAA.  He spent time studying the strange wildlife that was only found in a deep ocean trench within the Gulf of Mexico. It was on a deep exploration of the trench that he discovered a remnant of [[04 people/the fallen flesh\|the Fallen Flesh]] near its bottom.  He became increasingly obsessed with the strange substance.   He knew from his contact with [[04 people/the fallen flesh\|the flesh]] he needed to go deeper.  When NOAA refused to allow him to drill as it would harm the ecosystem he quit and reconciled with the father and took over the company.  Using his government connections and the substantial wealth his company afforded he paid the right senators and lawmakers to get the protections on the area lifted and exclusive drilling rights granted to his company.

He began extracting the Flesh from the trench, which he marketed as a super oil, the substance that would solve the world energy crisis. Due to the Crisis [[07 concepts/liquid dark\|Liquid Night]] was pushed through and past regulations rather quickly and soon energy grids, vehicles and most anything that ran on oil or gas was being converted to burn [[07 concepts/liquid dark\|Liquid Night]] instead.  The substance is crazy efficient as a drop can power a neighborhood for a month and keep a car running for a year.  (or something crazy).  

This made Fischer Energy the richest and most powerful company in the world.  They rebranded themselves as Eden Energy, and David Fischer Jr. was almost worshiped as a savior. 

Unbeknownst to the mass population however, these remains of a “dead” god being spread and used as they were started spread its influence and awaken its power.  David as the first to discover it and become obsessed felt the pull first.  He had secretly uncovered a portion [[04 people/the fallen flesh\|the Fallen Flesh]]’s skull and several petrified eyes of varying sizes.  A few sharp teeth as well.  He had several of these objects and splinters of bone transported to his office in Austin Texas.  He was the first human to ingest [[04 people/the fallen flesh\|the flesh]] as well and began piercing his flesh with bone and as understanding grew so too did madness.  He locked himself away in his office and his only contact with the outside world for a time were rambling tweets and posts to social media often criticizing his detractors or rambling on about conspiracy theories.  His accounts are quickly silenced by tothers in his company/family.

Its discovered during this isolation that [[07 concepts/liquid dark\|Liquid Night]] also functions as a drug, its effects are similar to that of Meth, burst of energy and feeling unstoppable.  After a Decade of wide spread use the first [[05 groups/mutants\|mutants]] begin to be born.  

Panic ensues when its discovered [[07 concepts/liquid dark\|Liquid Night]] is to blame for these strange births and other blizzard happenings as exposure to it has started to affect animals and plants as well

The [[05 groups/acolytes of the infinite pattern\|Acolytes of the Pattern]] decide they must take action soon and they begin acquiring nuclear weapons and all of their followers are evacuated into space.  Several senators and prominent government officials around the world start relocating to the lunar or mars colonies.  

This is also when David returns to the public eye declaring himself Adam the first human and soon to be god.  He then begins the ritual he learned through his madness by ingesting the eyes and attempting to become the Avatar of [[04 people/the fallen flesh\|the Fallen Flesh]].  He does this atop his skyscraper in Austin

A human body is not made to hold a god, and so as soon as the ritual finishes it starts going bad.  Adam’s form begins to flesh warp spontaneously and threats to tear itself apart. Several gobs of Flesh fly free from his form and land in various parts of the US which would eventually grow to become the [[06 places/the demonwastes\|Demon Fields]].  He manages to regain control but only buy devoting nearly all of his godly power to holding himself together. He must use 98% of his divine power to keep himself held together in a “Mostly” human form… one forever altered though.  2% of a gods power is more than anyone else on the planet has though, so he figures it is enough until he is able to devise a way to stabilize himself.

The [[05 groups/acolytes of the infinite pattern\|acolytes of the pattern]], who ware watching via satellite  waits until the ritual nearly finishes to act.  They had hoped with our fail, but when Adam starts to regain control they fire two nukes.  One at the trench the the Gulf, and another at the Eden Energy Headquarters in Austin. 

This triggers a chain of chaotic events that lead to global nuclear war as no one is able to determine who fired the nukes and so everyone ends up firing back at everyone else.  This drastically reduces the world population, creates fall out, etc etc. 

Adam uses his newfound powers to erect a dome of flesh to protect Austin from the attack. The black dome remains in place for several years until the area around Austin is more safe to traverse.  

In that time the people in the city being to revere the CEO as their god and savior and the religion around the Eden Energy is formed.  Austin is renamed [[06 places/the most holy city of imperial zion\|Zion]], and whent he dome comes down to reveal the wasteland around them the CEO and his forces are ready to move out and lay claim to what remains of civilization.

## horcruxes (working name?)
OK so Devils are all early versions of [[04 people/violet\|Violet]] and [[04 people/rose\|Rose]]. The CEO's failed experiments to create the protege.

They were all at once point lab grown Children with the CEO's DNA and genetic manipulations in attempts to create a human host capable of holding the full might of [[04 people/the fallen flesh\|the Fallen Flesh]]'s godly power.

The CEO's ultimate desire is to be able to retain both his own mind and his human form. its very much a hubris thing more than anything. he has already (mostly) held onto his mind (in large part due to the [[04 people/the fallen flesh\|FF]] being brain dead but he doesn't know that) but he can't hold that tenuous grasps on his sanity with out like randomly [[07 concepts/flesh warping\|fleshwarping]] into a monster or losing his grip on the power and basically exploding, which is why he has to devote like 98% of his godly powers to just keeping himself held together.

He created the prodigy project to grow a body capable of holding the power while maintaining it's form and his plan is to then take over that body and be the "perfect form" (in his mind.)

Well he has been at it a while. and each time has gotten a little better. As he raises these kids though he will have them consume various things to test their control. animals, other normal people, [[05 groups/mutants\|mutants]], various types of [[07 concepts/liquid dark\|Liquid night]] possibly, as well as demons. And when he thinks they are ready or when he grows impatient he will send them the final test.

A piece of his own flesh that contains a portion of [[04 people/the fallen flesh\|the Fallen Flesh]]'s direct power, which he refers to as a "Sliver of Divinity."

Until [[04 people/rose\|Rose]], every one of his children who consumed this Sliver of Divinity would either immediately or very quickly Flesh Warp into a monster; no longer human. A failure in the CEO's eyes. They often experienced fits of insanity as well and tended to kill most inhabitants in the Garden before they could be expelled into a [[06 places/the demonwastes\|Demon Field]] (This is one of various reasons why Gardens of built near DFs in addition to having access to demons to study etc).

These Children became the Devils of those fields at this point. some of the later versions fleshwarped less and might still look closer to human, other regain some of their sanity and can be spoken to and reasoned with. the earlier ones (like Cerberus) remain mostly unfeeling rage beast like many demons are but way stronger and more powerful because they have a part of god inside them.

I think the Devils manipulate the fields and the demons in them to warp the environment and the creatures their to reflect themselves. Gluttony is constantly raining shit and blood and all the beasties there are eternally hungry because Cerberus is. (I also think Cerberus may have been an experiment where they had both twins or maybe even triplets eat the sliver at once rather than only the strongest of the batch and when they flesh warped together forming the three headed beastie and making them even less coherent. but that is just minor thought and aside) .

So here was my thinking on the "horcrux" idea that I have shared before but will put it all in once place right now.

The CEO, in his hubris, has laid the seeds for his own downfall within his failed experiments. He is taking a portion of his own godly power and placing it in other beings. This does slightly weaken him, but not that much really. Alone these Slivers of Divinity are no where near enough to face him. The Devils are too uncontrollable on their own to really unite against him as well, any alliance between Devils would be rife with betrayal and back stabbing most likely since they are all a little bit insane even the more sane ones. But if someone where to go around and collect all these Slivers and were able to hold them in one body this person might stand a chance against the CEO. Even if they couldn't out right kill him, they may be able to press him enough to where he is unable to fight back while also devoting enough of his own power to keep himself from exploding. (Which is what the grand final battle will be. [[04 people/violet\|Violet]] will have several slivers in her, and [[04 people/felix\|Felix]] will be given a sword or something possibly from the lanky boys or the [[05 groups/the brotherhood of gnosis\|Brotherhood]] that can hurt the CEO and the two of them basically wear him down until he can't hold himself together anymore. or at least that was my thought).

So that was my original "horcrux" idea. its a bit different from like HP in that rather than the mcguffin like being what keeps him alive, its more like a power up for [[04 people/violet\|Violet]] making her just a little be more of a match for him, and when combined with the weapon [[04 people/felix\|Felix]] gets they can defeat him or at least get him to blow up.