---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/06-concepts/the-ceo-s-prophecies/","created":"2025-05-15T16:19:00.491-05:00","updated":"2025-12-02T16:18:15.319-06:00"}
---

# [[06 concepts/The CEO's Prophecies\|The CEO's Prophecies]]

Shortly after the establishment of the [[04 groups/corporate empire of zion\|holy corporate empire of zion]] while the [[05 places/the most holy city of imperial zion\|City of Zion]] (Formerly Austin) is still within the cocoon of flesh; the [[03 people/the ceo\|CEO]] sacrifices the captured leaders of his opposition.  He [[06 concepts/cannibalism\|consumes]] them all, but prior to consumption performs haruspex upon their entrails.  From these readings he records the five sacred Prophecies he will use guide his empire forward and secure his path to full godhood.  

1. The first prophecy pertains to the [[03 people/the diminished one\|Diminished One]] and the birth of [[04 groups/mutants\|Mutants]]. It is revealed to the CEO through the flesh that an ancient enemy, one now known as The Diminished One, The Sundered One, The Broken One, The Sliver of Chaos, The Wild Thing, The Fractured and a myriad other titles and names, who has influenced the life on earth since its inception will grow their soldiers from human hosts.  An unlikely merging of man and beasts whose features are as wild and varied as the one who will create them.  They are the antithesis of evolutionary order. Imperfect and unclean.  They can be cowed but never fully tamed. Be wary of them and mark them as other.  The CEO interprets this to mean the coming mutants are a threat to him and his power.
	- *actual in universe wording of this prophecy as written by the CEO goes here* 
2. The second prophecy discusses the [[03 people/the infinite pattern\|Pattern]] and the [[04 groups/anunnaki\|Annunaki]],  It reveals the Pattern as the most hated and dangerous of foes to the Flesh, and the eternal struggle and conflict between them.  The Annunaki are revealed to be watchers over the earth and particularly the part of the Flesh that slumbers here. When the Flesh stirred it was they who dropped the bombs that damaged so much of the world. The Pattern sleeps still recovering from the battle that ruined the Flesh.  The Annunaki have returned to simply watching events unfold for the moment.  They await commands from slumbering god and will not act again until one is received.  It is unclear when then the pattern will reawaken.  The CEO interprets this to mean the Pattern and the Annunaki are not currently a threat to him.  If Annunaki are discovered they should be killed, but they currently concern him very little.
	- *actual in universe wording of this prophecy as written by the CEO here.  Because he doesn't view the Annunaki an active threat I feel like he might write this one down and his inner circle/high priests and leaders are made aware of it, but its not typically included in the dogma presented to the masses as them knowing about weird aliens watching them doesn't to much to serve his purpose its easier just to lump the strange too tall too pale humans in as mutants*
3. The third Prophecy concerns the creation of the [[05 places/the demonfields\|Demonfields]] and the Wyrmwinds.  It refers to them as rogue Fleshlings that were spawned and scattered during the first [[06 concepts/apotheosis\|apotheosis]]. These Fleshlings will consume and grow and reproduce unchecked for a time.  They will cover the land in Fallen Flesh that will produce Wyrmwinds that will work to reshape the world and atmosphere into one better suited for perfect evolution.  The Fleshlings can be controlled by the host of Flesh with an effort of will, but until the host fully come into the power of the Flesh the control will be fickle and and impossible to maintain indefinitely.  The CEO interprets this to mean that the [[04 groups/demons\|demons]] and the demonwastes are ultimately his, but his control over them is limited.  They will work to shape his world while he comes into his power.  
{ #10ba11}

	- *The official version of this prophecy is worded as though the demons of the wastelands outside of Zion are the Sins of the old world left as stains upon the land.  Only the CEO can call them to heal.  The Wyrmwinds are a cleansing storm that will restore the world to its proper state.  They will cleanse the waste of its sin.  There should be a line about how the holy will bow their heads in shelter when the storm approaches and prey it does not find them as those who are cleansed by it or unable to shelter from it had sin in their hearts or something like that.* 
4. The fourth prophecy is one of the more important ones to the CEO and his religion it reveals the path that will allow him to attain true godhood.  Through a combination of genetic sciences, [[06 concepts/flesh warping\|Flesh warping]], and most importantly a [[06 concepts/sliver of divinity\|sliver]] of divine Flesh; a perfect vessel will be created. One capable of containing the full form of the Fallen Flesh allowing the power to be fully awakened with in them and reborn.  There will be generations of failures before this vessel is fully evolved.  These failures will be powerful in their own right as they each posses a sliver of divinity; they will tame and control the rogue Fleshlings that have been scattered across the land during the first apotheosis. These failures will be wild and independent but not completely uncontrollable.  They will answer to the evolutionary order when pressed, and when the perfect vessel is finally formed and the Flesh reborn all rogue elements shall once again be part of the perfect evolution.  The CEO interprets this as his path to true godhood.  How he will finally control the power of the flesh without losing himself to it. He refers to the perfect vessel as the [[06 concepts/the prodigy project\|Prodigy]].
	- *The official words about this prophecy that is distributed to the masses focuses solely on the Prodigy and the search for it. There is a second part to this prophecy that discusses the devils and the demon fields, but that is for inner circle only*
5.  The final prophecy is the one the CEO fears the most.  It its also the the one that is the least clear.  It describes how one of the Diminished One's soldiers will find the perfect vessel and turn it against the host of flesh in an attempt to halt the perfect evolution and the return of the flesh.  The full details of this prophecy are unclear.  its not clear if the perfect vessel is taken or killed or if one of the vessels itself is somehow altered by the Diminished One and is then guided by one of his solider. This soldier and the vessel will unite others in the cause of stopping the Flesh's full return.  This prophecy seemed to present several different possibilities as it was the Flesh attempting to read the motivations and plans of Chaos in their attempt to thwart their return.  The nature of Chaos makes it very hard to properly read as Chaos doesn't often know what will happen until it happens. The prophecy probably contradicts itself a few times in its telling. The CEO interprets this to mean that a mutant whom he refers to as the [[03 people/felix\|Whistleblower]] will turn his own prodigy and other rebels against him.  He feels this is the greatest threat against him and it will be a mutant that causes it all, which leads to his need/desire to control and oppress the mutants. He marks them his enemy from the start before the first ones are even born.
	- *the official wording of this prohphecy focuses on how the whistle blower a man born of beasts will to lead the prodigy astray stealing the poor lamb and try to corrupt and lead them to sin against the CEO  Rebel Mutants turn [[03 people/felix\|the whistleblower]] into a folk hero because of this prophecy and and those mutants who try to toe the company line will steadfastly curse and deny the concept of a whistleblower*

